README.md, before:

# The `my-package` Package

A short description about the project and/or client.

## Template adaptation checklist

- [ ] Fill out `README.md`
  - Change the `my-package` package name, including code snippets
  - Check section contents and/or delete sections that don't apply
- [ ] Check and/or replace `LICENSE` by something that suits your needs
- [ ] Fill out `typst.toml`
  - See also the [typst/packages README](https://github.com/typst/packages/?tab=readme-ov-file#package-format)
- [ ] Adapt Repository URLs in `CHANGELOG.md`
  - Consider only committing that file with your first release, or removing the "Initial Release" part in the beginning
- [ ] Adapt or deactivate the release workflow in `.github/workflows/release.yml`
  - to deactivate it, delete that file or remove/comment out lines 2-4 (`on:` and following)
  - to use the workflow
    - [ ] check the values under `env:`, particularly `REGISTRY_REPO`
    - [ ] if you don't have one, [create a fine-grained personal access token](https://github.com/settings/tokens?type=beta) with [only Contents permission](https://stackoverflow.com/a/75116350/371191) for the `REGISTRY_REPO`
    - [ ] on this repo, create a secret `REGISTRY_TOKEN` (at `https://github.com/[user]/[repo]/settings/secrets/actions`) that contains the so created token

    if configured correctly, whenever you create a tag `v...`, your package will be pushed onto a branch on the `REGISTRY_REPO`, from which you can then create a pull request against [typst/packages](https://github.com/typst/packages/)
- [ ] remove/replace the example test case
- [ ] (add your actual code, docs and tests)
- [ ] remove this section from the README

## Getting Started

To add this package to your project, use this:

```typ
#import "@preview/my-package:0.1.0": *

#id[Hello World]
```

## Usage

See the [manual](docs/manual.pdf) for details.

Commit message:

configure tgm-hit-thesis metadata and template structure

README.md, after:

# TGM HIT diploma thesis template

This is a port of the [LaTeX diploma thesis template](https://github.com/TGM-HIT/diploma-thesis) available for students of the information technology department a the TGM technical secondary school in Vienna.

A short description about the project and/or client.

## Template adaptation checklist

- [ ] Adapt or deactivate the release workflow in `.github/workflows/release.yml`
  - to deactivate it, delete that file or remove/comment out lines 2-4 (`on:` and following)
  - to use the workflow
    - [ ] check the values under `env:`, particularly `REGISTRY_REPO`
    - [ ] if you don't have one, [create a fine-grained personal access token](https://github.com/settings/tokens?type=beta) with [only Contents permission](https://stackoverflow.com/a/75116350/371191) for the `REGISTRY_REPO`
    - [ ] on this repo, create a secret `REGISTRY_TOKEN` (at `https://github.com/[user]/[repo]/settings/secrets/actions`) that contains the so created token

    if configured correctly, whenever you create a tag `v...`, your package will be pushed onto a branch on the `REGISTRY_REPO`, from which you can then create a pull request against [typst/packages](https://github.com/typst/packages/)

## Getting Started

Using the Typst web app, you can create a project by e.g. using this link: https://typst.app/?template=tgm-hit-thesis&version=latest.

To work locally, use the following command:

```bash
typst init @preview/tgm-hit-thesis
```

## Usage

See the [manual](docs/manual.pdf) for details.
